MUNI_TECH_WRITERS: Paramiko contradictions, issue #1042 (#1258)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_plugins.rst

Connection plugins
------------------

> Connection plugins allow Ansible to connect to the target hosts so it can execute tasks on them. Ansible ships with many connection plugins, but only one can be used per host at a time. The most commonly used connection plugins are native ``ssh``, ``paramiko``, and ``local``. All of these can be used with the ``ansible`` executable and in playbooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connection plugins allow Ansible to connect to target hosts so it can execute tasks on them. Ansible ships with many connection plugins, but only one can be used per host at a time. The most commonly used connection plugins are native ``ssh``, ``paramiko``, and ``local``. All of these can be used with ad-hoc tasks and in playbooks.
```

> Connection plugins allow Ansible to connect to the target hosts so it can execute tasks on them. Ansible ships with many connection plugins, but only one can be used per host at a time. The most commonly used connection plugins are the ``paramiko`` SSH, native ssh (just called ``ssh``) and ``local`` connection types.  All of these can be used in playbooks and with ``/usr/bin/ansible`` to connect to remote machines.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Connection plugins allow Ansible to connect to the target hosts so it can execute tasks on them. Ansible ships with many connection plugins, but only one can be used per host at a time. The most commonly used connection plugins are native ``ssh``, ``paramiko``,  and ``local``.  All of these can be used with the ``ansible`` executable and in playbooks.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd put native ssh as the first in the list before paramiko because it is the default. Also I think the last sentence is a little misleading.

Firstly the ansible executable can be in a directory other than `usr/bin` so maybe we can trim that part. Secondly the `local` connection is not for connecting to remote machines but for running on the controller itself so that seems misleading.
